♪
c0000001
-[wheels rattling]
-[grunts]
c0000002
-Huh.
c0000003
[chuckles]
c0000004
You three seem close.
c0000005
So, how long have
you been traveling together?
c0000006
Uh, um...well...
c0000007
My travels
with Mistress Frieren
c0000008
began four years ago,
c0000009
but I've known her longer.
c0000010
It's been about a year for me.
c0000011
[chuckles]
c0000012
Makes sense.
c0000013
♪
c0000014
Y'know, there's still something
this party lacks.
c0000015
-What?
-Wanna take a guess?
c0000016
Let's see.
c0000017
We've got our front-liner,
a decent priest,
c0000018
and a near surplus of mages.
c0000019
Could you mean a thief?
c0000020
Someone to out-swindle
the mimics
c0000021
she's always falling for?
c0000022
-[FRIEREN] Yay!
-[FERN] [gasps]
c0000023
-[thuds]
-[grunts]
c0000024
When it comes
to treasure chests,
c0000025
the reward always
outweighs the risk.
c0000026
-[SEIN] No.
-Huh.
c0000027
[SEIN] What we lack
is something even more vital.
c0000028
And that's a nice-looking
older lady!
c0000029
Most parties won't even
leave town
c0000030
until they've found a broad!
c0000031
That's the way! Or else
you're vixen-less like us!
c0000032
[FRIEREN]
Is that right?
c0000033
Come on.
Don't forget about Frieren.
c0000034
She's more of an elderly child
than a lady.
c0000035
[FERN]
He looks so distraught.
c0000036
[FRIEREN]
My apologies.
c0000037
Uh...hey!
c0000038
You can finally see
the next village.
c0000039
[wind whooshing]
c0000040
[gasps]
c0000041
♪
c0000042
[FERN]
They're still breathing.
c0000043
Yeah. Same here.
c0000044
What's the deal
with this place?
c0000045
Why'd they all fall asleep?
c0000046
♪
c0000047
I say we move along
to the next village.
c0000048
This smells like trouble.
c0000049
Even for you, that's cold.
c0000050
I was only teasing.
c0000051
A curse, no doubt.
c0000052
I thought as much.
c0000053
What a headache.
c0000054
This may sound dumb,
but what even is a curse?
c0000055
Among the spells utilized
by monsters and demons
c0000056
are those that
put people to sleep
c0000057
-or turn them into stone.
-[birds chirping]
c0000058
[FRIEREN] Those whose
mysteries humankind
c0000059
is yet to unravel
are what we call curses.
c0000060
A placeholder for the unknown.
c0000061
Humanity's magic can't explain
the principles behind them
c0000062
-or how to lift them.
-[gasps]
c0000063
Does that mean it's already
too late to save these people?
c0000064
It is only the magic of man
that faces such an impasse.
c0000065
The magic of the Goddess
that priests use
c0000066
is a different story.
c0000067
Dispelling curses has long been
the business of the clergy.
c0000068
Well, Sein?
Suppose you can help them?
c0000069
Don't rush me.
c0000070
I need to determine the type
and source of this thing.
c0000071
♪
c0000072
I thought magic was magic.
c0000073
What makes
the Goddess' so unique?
c0000074
The magic of the Goddess
is recorded
c0000075
in holy scriptures, you see.
c0000076
Only those who own them
can wield it.
c0000077
Much like the demons' magic,
c0000078
the principles behind the bulk
of it aren't understood.
c0000079
So, it's not the sort of thing
that holds my interest.
c0000080
Huh?!
c0000081
That, and it's incredibly
difficult to use
c0000082
unless you're born
with a certain knack.
c0000083
[FERN]
Hm.
c0000084
[FRIEREN]
That same predisposition comes
c0000085
with an increased resistance
to curses.
c0000086
It's what
the faithful bunch call
c0000087
the blessing of the Goddess,
c0000088
and it's the reason
this sleepy spell
c0000089
won't affect our priest.
c0000090
So not even
a mage at your level
c0000091
can really defend
against curses?
c0000092
We mages can't detect them,
let alone defend against them.
c0000093
Though I do feel that
I am under attack
c0000094
for some reason.
c0000095
So I can conclude
that this place
c0000096
is still under the power
of the curse.
c0000097
My soul feels itchy.
c0000098
You can't just say
scary things like that
c0000099
and expect me not to turn
into a giant, sniveling baby!
c0000100
This isn't a low-grade,
everyday spell
c0000101
we're dealing with here.
c0000102
Can you lift it or can't you?
c0000103
I would need the right tools.
c0000104
Honestly, it might be easier
c0000105
to take out the source
than to treat its symptoms.
c0000106
It's coming from a monster,
c0000107
and I know where it is.
c0000108
Let's go.
c0000109
I like how you cut
to the chase.
c0000110
Huh.
c0000111
[FERN]
Mistress Frieren?
c0000112
It's Mister Stark.
c0000113
[bird chirping]
c0000114
That didn't take long.
c0000115
Any chance you can
temporarily wake him?
c0000116
I told you I don't have
the proper tools.
c0000117
As is, I could only keep him up
for five seconds.
c0000118
[FERN]
That's practically nothing.
c0000119
[SEIN] In any case, it looks
like we should hurry.
c0000120
♪
c0000121
[fire crackling]
c0000122
Hm.
c0000123
♪
c0000124
[gasps]
c0000125
Fern's out cold, too.
c0000126
So much for her
taking a little break.
c0000127
We've lost
half of our manpower.
c0000128
Our odds are starting
to look grim.
c0000129
♪
c0000130
[FRIEREN]
I put up a barrier.
c0000131
We'll hide them here for now.
c0000132
♪
c0000133
We're almost there.
c0000134
I can sense it.
c0000135
[FRIEREN]
Good.
c0000136
Say, Sein?
c0000137
Wake me when
the monster shows up.
c0000138
Hm.
c0000139
I don't want you fighting
that creature alone.
c0000140
I promise you now
that I shall defeat it.
c0000141
Were you not listening?
c0000142
I can only give you...
[gasps]
c0000143
Frieren?
c0000144
♪
c0000145
You can't defeat it
in five seconds.
c0000146
♪
c0000147
[SEIN]
So be it.
c0000148
I have battle magic, too.
c0000149
♪
c0000150
[SEIN] It's a subspecies
of chaos flower.
c0000151
It must be feeding
off the sleeping villagers.
c0000152
It'll sap their mana away
until it kills them.
c0000153
[grunts]
c0000154
[SEIN] Chaos flowers are known
to merge with the local flora
c0000155
and branch off
into new variations.
c0000156
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
c0000157
[SEIN]
Almost mirror-like.
c0000158
Though they come
in different shapes and sizes,
c0000159
they all have the same
weak spot at their core.
c0000160
♪
c0000161
Three Spears of the Goddess!
c0000162
[explosion]
c0000163
[SEIN]
What was that about?
c0000164
I didn't think
the blasted thing
c0000165
would reflect my magic.
c0000166
Unless I land
a direct hit on the core,
c0000167
the leaves can deflect
whatever I throw at it
c0000168
in any direction.
c0000169
If I'm not careful,
it could hit Frieren.
c0000170
[gasps]
c0000171
-[thuds]
-[SEIN] Damn it.
c0000172
This can only get
worse from here.
c0000173
Should I heed the elf's orders
and wake her?
c0000174
She's the mage
from the party of heroes.
c0000175
If a spell of hers
were deflected,
c0000176
it would destroy
not only the forest,
c0000177
but the entire village with it!
c0000178
[thuds]
c0000179
[SEIN]
I'd only have five seconds.
c0000180
That's not enough time
to explain.
c0000181
As sharp as Freiren is,
we haven't had time to develop
c0000182
any kind of shared trust
or mutual understanding.
c0000183
I can't even get a read on her.
c0000184
What goes on
in that ancient head?
c0000185
[gasps]
c0000186
[HEITER]
That's right.
c0000187
You might find it hard
to believe,
c0000188
but I can never tell
what she's thinking.
c0000189
Shared trust is a luxury,
c0000190
as in it's not something
adventurers need.
c0000191
Nothing has to be unspoken.
c0000192
I know this because
my companion Frieren
c0000193
was terrible at cultivating
mutual understanding.
c0000194
Since intent couldn't be
assured with a look or a touch,
c0000195
I decided I would
trust her words.
c0000196
For example,
she swore to us all
c0000197
that she would
defeat the Demon King.
c0000198
Though it was a bold claim,
I chose to believe her.
c0000199
[SEIN]
Trust her words, huh?
c0000200
Huh?
[grunts]
c0000201
[gasps]
c0000202
I don't want you fighting
that creature on your own.
c0000203
I promise you now
that I shall defeat it.
c0000204
[chuckles]
c0000205
That face didn't look
ready to defeat anything.
c0000206
[grunts]
c0000207
Whatever happens,
don't blame me!
c0000208
Awakening spell!
c0000209
[grunts]
c0000210
Frieren! Only the core.
[gasps]
c0000211
♪
c0000212
[rumbling]
c0000213
Oh!
c0000214
Huh.
c0000215
Done. Simple enough.
c0000216
[birds chirping]
c0000217
[grunts]
c0000218
Huh.
c0000219
[soft snoring]
c0000220
Okay. Well, this is new.
c0000221
[FEMALE VILLAGER 15A]
Thank you very much.
c0000222
I won't forget what
you've done for us.
c0000223
It's nothing. I can assure you
we didn't do much, ma'am.
c0000224
Hm. Hush, now.
c0000225
I've never been happier
to have my sleep disturbed.
c0000226
♪
c0000227
[laughing]
c0000228
[FRIEREN] I knew our flower was
the type that reflects magic.
c0000229
I recognized it the moment
you woke me up.
c0000230
[SEIN] There's no question that
you're an incredible mage.
c0000231
That might be the case,
c0000232
but you're the reason
we made it out of there alive.
c0000233
Thank you very much, Sein.
c0000234
[both grunt]
c0000235
Good boy.
c0000236
[laughs]
c0000237
♪
c0000238
[SEIN]
That lady from the village
c0000239
sure was pretty.
c0000240
[STARK]
You're still on that?
c0000241
So, that's Vorig, huh?
c0000242
[FRIEREN] More importantly,
it's the midpoint
c0000243
in our journey to Auberst.
c0000244
[FERN]
We're only halfway there?
c0000245
This really is a long journey.
c0000246
[FRIEREN]
While we're here, let's drop in
c0000247
and replenish our supplies.
c0000248
Uh, Mistress Frieren?
c0000249
I hate to be
the bearer of bad news,
c0000250
but our funds are--
c0000251
[ORDEN]
Hey, you there.
c0000252
Hm? What now?
c0000253
That looks like
a noble's carriage.
c0000254
Huh?
c0000255
Excuse you! What is going on?
c0000256
He has a good physique.
c0000257
His looks aren't bad, either.
c0000258
Get in.
I'll take you to my mansion.
c0000259
[STARK]
Does anybody care to explain?
c0000260
Who are you, lad?
c0000261
[STARK]
The name is Stark.
c0000262
Lord Orden, sir?
c0000263
You cannot hold us
without reason.
c0000264
I need no introduction, I see.
c0000265
This mansion is home
to the Ordens,
c0000266
one of the Three Great Families
of the northern lands.
c0000267
Your grandfather?
He was pushy, too.
c0000268
I don't know what nonsense
you're trying to engage me in,
c0000269
but I'm preoccupied
at the moment.
c0000270
Stark and I need
to have a word.
c0000271
If you can talk to my warrior,
you can talk to me.
c0000272
[ORDEN]
Tell me, Stark.
c0000273
Do you need
your mommy's permission
c0000274
to have a conversation?
c0000275
C'mon, don't fight.
c0000276
I have a job for you,
c0000277
and I will pay you well.
c0000278
No. No chance.
We're leaving, Stark.
c0000279
Mistress Frieren.
c0000280
[coins clinking]
c0000281
What's with the copper?
c0000282
That's the remainder
of our funds.
c0000283
I suppose that
at the very least
c0000284
we can hear you out.
c0000285
Lucky me.
c0000286
So, Stark.
From where do you hail?
c0000287
I'm from a warrior village
in the Klee region, sir.
c0000288
[ORDEN]
I know the place.
c0000289
My family line originates
from the very same region.
c0000290
[sighs]
c0000291
[ORDEN]
My eldest son, Wirt.
c0000292
He is a hero of this city,
and the heir to my title.
c0000293
[FERN] He looks like you,
Mister Stark.
c0000294
[ORDEN]
Indeed he does.
c0000295
If we changed you
and cleaned you up,
c0000296
only a close family member
could discern the difference.
c0000297
I have a feeling that's going
to play into your job offer.
c0000298
About a month ago now,
c0000299
we took a vast army
of demons on head-to-head.
c0000300
My son lost his life
on the battlefield.
c0000301
He and the enemy commander
killed each other.
c0000302
The only silver lining,
if you could call it as much,
c0000303
is that it happened
in a large-scale melee.
c0000304
Very few know he's dead.
c0000305
Gabel is aware, as well as
some of my most trusted men.
c0000306
♪
c0000307
So, what is it that you're
planning to make Stark do?
c0000308
♪
c0000309
Vorig is a powerful
fortress city,
c0000310
a key player
in this region's defense.
c0000311
Until we can rebuild
the forces we lost,
c0000312
we can't allow morale to slip.
c0000313
So, you want to cover up
your son's death until then?
c0000314
[ORDEN]
Three months from now,
c0000315
all of the area's
most influential figures
c0000316
will gather at a soiree.
c0000317
We'll show them there
that Wirt is alive and well.
c0000318
And our reward?
c0000319
I will give you
10 Strahl gold coins.
c0000320
That would be three meals a day
for an entire year plus snacks.
c0000321
Sweeten it with a grimoire.
c0000322
You can have your pick
of the library
c0000323
after our work is done.
c0000324
One problem! I'm not your guy.
c0000325
Folks aren't gonna miss
the big scar on my forehead.
c0000326
The people believe Wirt
is currently recovering
c0000327
from damage taken in combat.
c0000328
That's an honorable
battle scar.
c0000329
Uh...
c0000330
Mister Stark.
We need the money.
c0000331
We're pathetic.
c0000332
Gabel? I leave the boy's
etiquette training to you.
c0000333
♪
c0000334
Mister Stark.
c0000335
How is etiquette training
coming along?
c0000336
It's slowly killing me.
c0000337
♪
c0000338
What do you think?
c0000339
Doesn't suit you.
c0000340
[STARK]
Typical.
c0000341
Farewell, my lady.
I must get some air.
c0000342
[STARK]
Lord Orden.
c0000343
Haven't I told you
a hundred times
c0000344
to call me Father?
c0000345
You never know whose
prying eyes could be upon us.
c0000346
Aren't you being
a little bit cold?
c0000347
It's only been two months since
your actual son passed away.
c0000348
All that I have done
has been in accordance
c0000349
with my son's final wishes.
c0000350
I even had
another double prepared.
c0000351
He didn't look as much like
him as you do, though.
c0000352
Trust me, it's not as if I
enjoy this cruel charade.
c0000353
Huh.
c0000354
[ORDEN]
But it's what my son wanted.
c0000355
So cooperate, would you?
c0000356
You're not too big
on the people skills, huh?
c0000357
[grunts]
c0000358
Stand tall.
Don't shrink yourself, Mut.
c0000359
Yes, Father. Of course.
[grunts]
c0000360
That's my second son, Mut.
c0000361
Despite the fact he's to be
my heir now,
c0000362
he shows little improvement.
c0000363
Then, of course,
there's your brother,
c0000364
our family's great shame.
c0000365
♪
c0000366
Having skill with a sword
affects one's posture.
c0000367
I shall teach you the technique
of the Orden family.
c0000368
♪
c0000369
What's wrong?
c0000370
♪
c0000371
-Huh.
-[ORDEN] It's all right.
c0000372
-[ORDEN] Take deep breaths.
-[sighs]
c0000373
This isn't your village.
You're safe to learn here.
c0000374
I realize he's still a kid,
but what do you think of Mut?
c0000375
He doesn't have
his brother's talent.
c0000376
But he's a hard worker.
c0000377
-[gasps]
-Time and effort
c0000378
are investments
that always pay off.
c0000379
Once he's grown,
he'll be a far stronger knight
c0000380
than I ever was.
c0000381
Gotcha.
c0000382
You should really tell that
to Mut instead of me.
c0000383
I tell him all the time.
c0000384
Now it's gone to his head,
and he refuses to get better.
c0000385
[chuckles]
c0000386
That's a whole
different kind of problem.
c0000387
[FERN]
Huh?
c0000388
You're saying I have to learn
all that etiquette stuff, too?
c0000389
Well, it is a soiree.
c0000390
Do you really expect
a man of his age
c0000391
to attend such a function
on his own?
c0000392
Huh.
c0000393
I suppose his mommy could
always escort him instead.
c0000394
Good luck, Fern.
[chomps]
c0000395
Huh.
c0000396
♪
c0000397
[wheels rattling]
c0000398
[all laughing]
c0000399
[indistinct chatter]
c0000400
This past month has been
nothing short of torture.
c0000401
But anything
for the money, right?
c0000402
I'm sorry about all that.
c0000403
♪
c0000404
We've been
practicing this for ages.
c0000405
We might as well.
c0000406
It still doesn't suit you,
you know.
c0000407
♪
c0000408
Would you like
to dance, as well?
c0000409
I'd like to eat.
[chomps]
c0000410
Fair enough.
c0000411
If not for this damn injury,
c0000412
I would've been in the vanguard
alongside him.
c0000413
Perhaps then,
Wirt would still be with us.
c0000414
Milord.
c0000415
[door opens]
c0000416
[indistinct chatter]
c0000417
It looks like
the soiree's wrapping up.
c0000418
[sighs]
c0000419
You've completed
your work with us.
c0000420
Gabel? See to it
Frieren gets her reward.
c0000421
[indistinct chatter]
c0000422
[door closes]
c0000423
I've found you're
far more powerful a warrior
c0000424
than you appear
at first glance.
c0000425
If you ever need
a place to stay...
c0000426
I'm sorry, sir,
but I can't replace your son.
c0000427
Of course, you can't.
c0000428
No more than I could ever
replace your father.
c0000429
But you don't have
a home to return to.
c0000430
The warrior village
of the Klee region
c0000431
was destroyed by demons.
c0000432
I'm certain of that much.
c0000433
My son and I
parted ways in anger,
c0000434
all due to some petty argument.
c0000435
I worked myself
into a fit of rage
c0000436
and told him I never wanted
to see his face again.
c0000437
I didn't mean one bit of it.
c0000438
♪
c0000439
When I first came upon you,
I mistook you for a miracle.
c0000440
♪
c0000441
That's all the more reason
I can't stay here.
c0000442
I said things I didn't mean
and parted in anger, too.
c0000443
With the man who raised me.
c0000444
So now, my hope is
to make things right
c0000445
by bringing him back
stories of my travels.
c0000446
I wish you well.
c0000447
♪
c0000448
Hm.
c0000449
Should I rule out Grimoire Y
or Grimoire Z?
c0000450
Mistress Frieren.
c0000451
You've been deciding
for half a day.
c0000452
You're distressing
Mister Gabel.
c0000453
Please hurry.
c0000454
Look. You drained
the poor man's life force.
c0000455
They say
it'll still be some time
c0000456
before their troops are back
to what they were.
c0000457
[chuckles]
c0000458
What's up?
c0000459
Huh?!
c0000460
Nothing.
c0000461
At the very least, he won't
have to worry about his heir.
c0000462
[chuckles]
c0000463
♪
c0000464
[chuckles]
c0000465
[SEIN]
Forgotten heroes, huh?
c0000466
-[STARK] More like decrepit.
-[FERN] So
c0000467
he's always been lonely then.
c0000468
[VOLL]
Humans develop quickly.
c0000469
[FRIEREN] He's
a long-lived friend of mine.